---
layout: post
title:  "Winters"
date:   2021-02-10 00:31:31
categories: personal
published: true
---

<p>One of these days, when the snow falls fiercely and softly, I look out of the glass doors down the winding paths leading to nothingness and am reminded of fairytales I stopped reading. The night falls free and fast, the darkness engulfs me while I watch safely from the comfort of my home, the world noiseless and asleep. The snow-covered trees remind me of Little Red Riding Hood braving into the woods, and the grounds covered with fresh snow resemble the unknown. </p>

<p>Snow accumulates on the barren trees, lining their branches like finely crafted jewelry. The trees that still have leaves on them adorn their heads with white. The light-stands in the courtyard flicker a bright yellow, and in the yellow I see clumps of snow crisscrossing like crickets rushing towards the light.</p>

<p>I wonder where the ducks go at night, when the water of the stream is viscous in the chilly weather. The roads are empty too, abandoned cars covered with icicles.</p>

<p>Where do these memories come from, linked by common themes, appearing like swirls in a snowstorm when you least expect them? For I remember things from many years ago. Slipping on ice amid the crazy Montreal weather while running to a class and the people behind me stopping by to ask. The girl asks if I'm ok and the boy asks if the samosas are ok and I laugh, the samosas I am clutching being my first concern too, before stopping to think if I am hurt. I remember waking up in my dorm room from the sunlight piercing through the blinds on a bright beautiful morning full of hope for the future, and watching it snow. I remember looking through the same dorm room window to watch a "Happy Birthday!" wish for another student in the building written in snow, and thinking what a wonderful idea it was. All of these, and more, winter memories consolidate into my mind, one after another.</p>

<p>Tomorrow the snow will turn to slush and mud (or worse, slippery ice) and soak people's shoes; but today, today, the snow is pristine and untrodden, and I watch from my apartment in Waterloo while nature runs amok and the world disappears in a pile of white.</p>